addDriverRunpath: init (#269475)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2405.section.md

<!-- To avoid merge conflicts, consider adding your item at an arbitrary place in the list instead. -->

> - `addHardwareRunpath` has been added to facilitate the deprecation of the old `addOpenGLRunpath` setuphook. This change is motivated by the desire to align usage of the setuphook with the evolving usage which now include all hardware acceleration.

Author: ```suggestion
- `addHardwareRunpath` has been added to facilitate the deprecation of the old `addOpenGLRunpath` setuphook. This change is motivated by the evolution of the setuphook to include all hardware acceleration.
```

> - `addHardwareRunpath` has been added to facilitate the deprecation of the old `addOpenGLRunpath` setuphook. This change is motivated by the desire to align usage of the setuphook with the evolving usages cases which now include all hardware acceleration.

Author: ```suggestion
- `addHardwareRunpath` has been added to facilitate the deprecation of the old `addOpenGLRunpath` setuphook. This change is motivated by the desire to align usage of the setuphook with the evolving usage which now include all hardware acceleration.
```
